and there we have the principles for
this batch it's a blonde Palmer Barry
Windham and on the other side we've got
the Latin heartthrob al Harris
referee Ricky Marquez sans hair I don't
know about sans hair I know the Ricky
Vargas the referee I know he doesn't
have any hair he's bald-headed he's
chrome-dome
look at that physical specimen Barry
Windham fans especially the ladies crazy
about Barry we know that means now wait
a minute al Perez and it's Perez not
fetish is the Latin heartthrob he's the
man that's won the bodybuilding titles
he's the man with the body in
professional wrestling as he's also one
of the original rockers I bet you didn't
know that did you
well I might not have known it but I did
and we're in Harambee third look at a
fast action here beautiful moves from
Barry Windham vital hip toss drives al
Perez out of the ring a weird
Hiram B thorn stadium do you know Harun
beef one was sure I know who Hiram Abiff
knew Hiram B thorn was he was mrs. B
thorn son what you think I am stupid yes
and he was also the first Puerto Rican
baseball player in the bigs
my friend or a good at gives up a grand
total of three now so strike one for you
my Frankie let's get back to the action
hot and happy you can hear of course the
ice spanish latin version our friend who
goes up in a bitch in the background
meanwhile referee lockup and you can see
Barry Windham with the height advantage
oh my
drives them back tell you this power and
the arms of Barry Windham second
generation you know that's right see
window Oh big deal
who cares just because his his daddy is
blackjack mulligan you think that's a
big deal but what about Al Perez's
father I know he's a postman but you
don't have to say on TV anything about
that I'm not gonna get on here and
verbally berating on TV about his dad
being a postman so why do you make a big
deal about Barry Williams father being a
professional wrestler I thought he might
have been on a bypass or something in
South Paris car drop but Ricky Varga is
now admonishing al Perez on his tactics
keep it clean he says and the house says
I always do he does does he
oh wait a minute al Perez has never
broken a rule his life he's one of the
cleanest wrestlers in the world of
professional wrestling I've ever seen
it's go by the book al he's just like
Leave It to Beaver I mean he doesn't uh
he does there and look at Barry Windham
look at that beautiful bolo punch and he
Wow
I tell ya al Perez almost took out her
header right on top of the third rope
and I tell you this is a real exciting
match these two young lions going right
at it from the get-go a bolo punch made
famous by who kid Gavilan didn't know it
did you strike two on you let's see if
al Perez what I said you didn't know his
uncle was Tony Perez either did you
I still don't know it Ricky bar goes
with the count-out Perez back in time
there's the blonde hair Barry Windham
crossing any arrows and the Adonis like
but body of my buddy al Perez yeah
perhaps
now side headlock by Barry Windham
countered by a body lock by my buddy
both wrestlers very good sound
technically that's right that foul we
mean foul that was a great technical
move by our Perez one of the original
rockers and nephew of Tony Perez it was
a great professional wrestling move
because what he did he took six foot six
giant Barry Windham and he bruised the
inside part of his leg with that top
rope which is steel cable and that's why
it's gonna be over one two three right
here with this big suplex by my buddy al
Perez now he's ready for the coupe
DeGraw the big finish the elbow hold
right there that knee drop and here it
comes one two three I can feel it
cats out there between now born anew
you're sad separate oh my big backdrop
and I think Barry Windham must be winded
by now but that was that move by all
powers was too low to get under I tell
you bottom line on top of it the third
row takes us but he gave the advantage
and now he's on top of the situation and
he's riding Barry Windham público Yahiro
to my friendo tambien putting pressure
on the neck bari wind on Frank Tyler
Faris that reverse chinlock can't come
home muchacho vm piracy go reverse
chinlock talk to him by none other than
me the man who invented the reverse
chinlock
just like the bill was invented by
Freddie Beall bet you didn't know that
either did you
I went back up to his feet elbow oh look
goes behind and now look at that roll up
one two oh very close to a victory was
the blood bomber but oh look at that
atomic smash how Perez is gonna be
rubbing his behind for a while but now
Barry Windham Oh mrs. no in trouble
that's the bottom line I'm both better
in trouble at George Matata Napolitano
the editor of one of the greatest
wrestling magazines in the world he's at
ringside there he is right there
getting getting a close shot of this
action he's was another another great
photographers here to see some of the
greatest wrestling matches in all the
world today Oh
lock it out far as Matt says he goes
head over heels over that turnbuckle and
George Napolitano George on the spot
catching on the action right there Barry
Windham back in charge here Oh
devastating right hyah
these punches are really having a big
effect on the heart drop giant backdrop
high in the air and al Perez is asking
for some mercy and he's going to get
next to nothing at all Barry Windham who
looks very strong at this point low and
now oh he's gonna ride him hard and put
him away wet here look at the hard
rights to the job well what's this al
Perez going in the trucks oh look some
necks he pulls out to brush knocks any
cold cuts Barry Windham now this could
be it
dad hello my goodness
look at that al Perez had to resort for
that type of tactic for the win